---
title: Blog 2 Week 3
layout: post
author: shreyes.verma
permalink: /blog-2-week-3/
source-id: 16dHkVRebpdWo07Q1-BnhtrMsKnf_45MsXU_oBFKA-yA
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Blog 2, week 3</td>
    <td>Date:</td>
    <td>12/9/18</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting point:</td>
    <td>Although I missed the last lessons, I am looking forward to making progress.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this lesson?</td>
    <td>To be able to make a translation box from coded to uncoded.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? 
(add details to "Lesson Review")</td>
    <td>YEs I did! I progressed further aswell.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>How did I learn? What strategies were effective? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>WHen I started out, I reread the code I used for the translation of code box, I remembered all of the things from the last lesson and used that to my advantage when working out the method for the decoding. At first I was a little confused however I used collaboration to work out how to do it. By asking my friend for a few pointers I was able to get on top of the solution. I further then went on to add special characters such as spaces, colons and others. I was able to persevere throughout the the task and even moved past my target.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on? </td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>This week nothing really challenged me as I worked swimmingly, however one point is not try to move on different methods too quickly because sometimes I found the answers, didn't realise they were correct and then moved on.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I am going to collaborate with my friends more to try and work out the answer as it will result in a much  faster answer</td>
  </tr>
</table>


